# Use Cases

People would use the app to catalog their stuff.

## Inventory Management

Keep track of stuff in a container.

## Asset Management

Determine the value of your stuff.

## Moving

When moving, you can take inventory of your stuff and know what to pack and what to leave behind.

You can know if any of your stuff is missing when you unpack at your new place.

## Organization

You can organize your stuff into containers and find it again.

# Actors

The app has several types of actors to provide functionality.

## Unverified User

Someone who just starts using the app. Can quickly get started and does not have to sign up or provide an email or any personal information

## Verified User aka User aka Owner

At "some point" (via progressive identity) the user creates an account and provides an email or other personal information.

## AI Agent

Several types of AI Agents to provide functionality like photo captioning, object detection, image generation etc.

## Jobs

Jobs perform longer running tasks needed by the app (AI agent tasks, email sending, etc).

# User Stories and Flows

## App and Data Seeding

Let's seed the app with 10k+ tags. Each tag will be a "word triple" like those generated by [friendly-words](https://github.com/glitchdotcom/friendly-words).

For [example](https://friendly-words.glitch.me):

```
Word Triples

gilded-cooperative-fiction
silk-carnation-atlasaurus
narrow-amusing-sort
plain-fortunate-wedelia
adjoining-giant-microraptor
boatneck-berry-astronomy
glib-few-savory
incongruous-roan-octave
humane-deserted-letter
buttered-indecisive-carbon
```

## First time user

Use is assigned some identifier and token for progressive identity.

User is assigned an avatar and a fleet and a home container and name like "Aqua Horizon".

You get 3 AI generated avatars of mini ships to pic as your identity.

User is assigned a home container.

User is assigned a set of 20-30 tags to start with.

Now the task for the user is to assign the digital tags to the containers.

## Tags and QR Codes

These can be used by a human to write down on paper, or a piece of tape or a post it note to identify a container.

Alternatively, the app can auto-generate QR codes with the tags.

```
┌─────────────────────────┐
│                         │
│         ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄         │
│         █ ▄▄▄ █         │
│         █ █▄█ █         │
│         █▄▄▄▄▄█         │
│         ▄▄   ▄▄         │
│         █▄█▄█▄█         │
|                         |
│   narrow-amusing-sort   │
│ ________________________│
│ ________________________│
└─────────────────────────┘
```

Above we see a QR code with the tag `narrow-amusing-sort`. There are two lines where the person can add location or other notes.

If you even bought a HomeKit device, this is is similar to the card you get with the activation code and a place to make notes and then keep that card in a binder or on the fridge or whatever.

## Print Labels

Print your labels with your tags on them.

- PDF
- png?
- Zebra label printer?

You might print two tags for each container. One to put on the container and one to keep in a binder -- or one to put on the container and one inside the container when you take your photos.

Print blanks or the ones used.

## Take Photos

Take photos of your stuff.

```
    Camera taking photo:                 Resulting photo:

      ┌─────┐                            ┌───────────────┐
      │ ┌─┐ │                            │               │
      │ │O│ │           Side             │   ┌───────┐   │
      │ └─┘ │     │  ┌─────────┐  │      │   │ QR    │   │
      └──┬──┘     │  │ QR Code │  │      │   │ Code  │   │
         │        │  └─────────┘  │      │   └───────┘   │
         |        |---------------│      │             │
         │        │   ┌───────┐   │      │    ╔═════╗    │
         │        │   │ QR    │   │      │    ║Items║    │
         │        │   │ Code  │   │      │    ╚═════╝    │
         │        │   └───────┘   │      │               │
         │        │    ╔═════╗    │      │               │
         └────────┼───►║Items║    │      │               │
                  │    ╚═════╝    │      │               │
                  └───────────────┘      └───────────────┘
```

## Generate Inventory

Generate an inventory of your stuff.

## Print Inventory

You inventory is your "map". Just like navigation apps, you can print your map and use it to find your way around your stuff.

## Claim Account

You can claim your account and connect it to your email or other personal information.

# Glossary

## Fleet

## Container

## Stuff

## Item

## Relation

```

```
